Here we go, guys. Welcome to
the very last module before we wrap
it up. So we came a long way.
I think I was able to distill quite
a lot in short. I want to give you the
very last important bit: the one that really makes a difference.
And this comes from growth marketing. So perhaps
I'll do something about that later on. But it's
a matter of testing and learning. And we'll see how
to make this effective in a really simple way.
So I see campaigns, and then
I ask for a report. And the
report has inconsistency.
I see perhaps reply rate on software,
but I don't have, let's say, a call approach.
Data are monitored, they're not
managed. It becomes hard to trust
the process because we fill
the KPIs, we fill the sales. But we don't
kind of get the learnings right.
So how can we make this effective?
Remember by this time we have an offering. We
have an ICP or perhaps two, three different
ICPs that we might want to test in sequence.
We have some content, we have some kind of copywriting
with flow and timing, and we know which channels
to use. So if I take back the example of
the SaaS, I can offer a POC, a course, free to walk away,
I can target the head of marketing or the marketing staff,
I can interview them, I have a landing page with the demo
and the flow and timing is medium: LinkedIn+
email, with a really soft copy on the validation
points. So in which direction am
I going to work? For the next
three months, my only goal
will be to find new clients.
How many? And that is
the goal. We're going to have a baseline
metric. So we start from five clients. We're going to target
24, with a target of 20 new clients. And the
leading indicators will be demos scheduled and positive
replies. Target date is
Q+1. So assuming
a 10% booking rate at a 15%
conversion rate, we need 1,340
prospects split: 55% go to tier
one, 30% go to tier two, 15% go to
tier three. So this is my only goal.
This is the only number that I take a look at.
And if not, it's noise. And this is your high
level operational set.
So you see: this is working, this is not working. Now you see what's
really working and what's not really working.
Of course, you're going to have breakdown by campaign, as it happens
for Facebook, Meta, and so on and so forth. So within this,
you will just have this breakdown. So I
actually have a campaign naming that
tells me exactly. Let's say, EMAIL,
1150, startups, seed,
and perhaps I had the marketing.
And every time that a campaign concludes, I come here,
I update this, and this tells me what happens.
Now, this is from the analytics standpoint. Then,
of course, we have to analyze it from a
qualitative point of view, meaning: why did
these people say no? Because
we might then want to tweak something.
So it's important that we test the variables
that we have, because we are unsure if the
offering is right. We're unsure if the channel is right, or
the channel mix is right. So as we were saying, we're going
to have a bunch of things. There are the ones that we
are most likely to succeed with because they're covering
the recovery point in the business, starting from the value proposition.
And then we test anything that we can
test, so we can find, again, the winner.
Every two weeks, you can
tweak something and you can find
out what's going on. Most importantly,
you can really make quick changes.
You can just change completely an angle of an email. So if you
get no reply, why are you not getting replies? So you
can just change direction, do something to
test, because that audience might be good.
It might be just not the right timing because perhaps
at that very moment, they are, I don't know, closing
the budgeting. It happened to us. So I had
to say I was validated. I spoke with the marketing
manager, and I asked him: "When is the right timing to get in touch with
you?" And what's your favorite channel? He told me: "You have to get in touch
at this exact date because we will prepare the budget for next
year in this exact frame." So
change it and ask.
Then: find top performers. Once you find the top performers, you can find ways to scale
your campaigns. Okay? If you get more advanced, you
can use Clay and other tools to automate. Or any then to automate
your flow. That's probably require
one or two people looking after it.
But yeah, extra tips here.
So please keep these. These
are super. I made super simple these dashboards.
So please keep them clean every two, three
weeks. Update them. Do always,
as we said: "Why did they say no?"
Because with a simple shift in copy, you might completely change
your campaign. It happened to me many times. And
yeah, as I mentioned in the example, seasonality and time-to-market.
As key takeaways: target structure, again.
Segmentation leads to scalability because
then you can scale. Let's say if you're taking sports, you can do one sport
at a time and just changing the variables or other
related segments. But once you've figured
out the channels and everything else, it's easy game. Or changing
to a country, perhaps you have to change, adapt the
tone, be more formal, and that kind of thing. But
it makes the job a lot easier because you tested
quite a lot of variables. Again, entry points. I've
been stressing this quite a lot. And that's
what works the most, at least for me.
And yeah: priorities. Priorities.
It can be frustrating from a start standpoint.
I know that.
But yeah, by prioritizing, you can speed
up the flow. And the more you get, let's say,
into a better flow, the better it is for you. So
yeah, I'll see you at the very, very,
very, very last video of the course.
Oh yeah, please do this.
Okay? [BLANK_AUDIO]